.TH FUCKINGNODE 1 "01 Feb 2026" "v5.2.3" "FuckingNode user manual"
.SH NAME
fuckingnode \- a CLI tool to automate common maintenance or setup tasks in coding projects; JavaScript oriented but usable with other stacks as well.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBfuckingnode\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIARGUMENTS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
FuckingNode is a CLI that automates and fastens life-cycle tasks for projects made in Node.js, Deno, Bun and other environments. Automates artifact cleanup, code formatting, chore commits, and virtually any task you wish; makes it way faster to clone and setup projects; allows for safer Git commits; automates version releases; and more. Keep in mind this 'man' page is basic; 'fuckingnode help' or the online documentation (being this one the best we can recommend) should be used instead. :contentReference[oaicite:1]{index=1}
.SH COMMON COMMANDS
.TP
\fBfkn add ./project1\fR
Takes an optional file path (if none, CWD is used) or glob pattern. Adds a project to FuckingNode's project list. Projects in the list can be referenced by name instead of root path, and tasks can be automated in bulk for the whole list.
.TP
\fBfkn clean\fR
Cleans, updates dependencies for, lints, and removes artifacts for all projects in the list. Each project can be independently setup for what to do when this command is ran.
.TP
\fBfkn clean ./project1\fR
Cleans only the specified project.
.TP
\fBfkn clean hard --lint --pretty --update\fR
Performs a hard clean with linting, prettifying, and dependency updates.
.TP
\fBfkn clean hard-only\fR
Clears only global caches without cleaning individual projects.
.TP
\fBfkn help\fR
Displays help for FuckingNode commands.
.TP
\fBfkn help <feature>\fR
Displays help for a specific feature, e.g. 'commit', 'build', or 'release', among others.

.SH CONFIGURATION
Create a \fBfknode.yaml\fR file at the project root to customize behavior. You may follow the reference at https://fuckingnode.github.io/manual/fknode-yaml/
.SH EXIT STATUS
FuckingNode does not use fine-grained status codes as of now.
0      Success
1      Failure
.SH AUTHOR
ZakaHaceCosas
